docs: 📚 improve contribution guidelines (#231)
synergy-design-system/synergy-design-system: packages/docs/stories/Introduction.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Introduction" />

# Introduction of the Synergy Design System

## Guiding principles

> Synergy Components are part of the Synergy Design System, serving as a robust foundation for SICKs digital presence, built upon three core principles which should be kept in mind by designers, developers and stakeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Synergy Design System, servers as a robust foundation for SICK's digital presence, built upon three core principles which should be kept in mind by designers, developers and stakeholders.
```

I wouldn't promote components too much, as we offer much more than components.

### ⚓️ Anchored – Robust yet Adaptable

> “We build on top of foundations from trusted vendors and proven standards, to focus on what's relevant for our brand and users.”

Reviewer: Please update to the principles from the presentation.

The design system serves as a hub for defining, documenting, and distributing design standards, style guides, pre-built components, patterns, and tools throughout the organization.
It is an evolving system that continually adapts and improves to meet the needs of our teams and users. Additionally, Synergy is a collaborative and open system, where teams can share and reuse components, patterns, and best practices.

# Goals

## Consistency and branding
- Ensure user interface consistency and quality
- Ensure a uniform appearance that adhere to our brand values
- Ensure accessibility

## Efficiency and productivity
- Develop user-centric and focus at stakeholders
- Design (Figma) and implementation are always in-sync
- Enable teams to rapidly prototype and iterate
- Ensure the scalability as the digital ecosystem expands
- Favor standards and make reuse as much as possible

## Flexibility and adaptation
- Provide means to flexible adapt and customize the components
- Allow users to integrate components in every web application

## Collaboration and communication

> - Transparency towards and alignement with stakeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transparency towards and alignment with stakeholders
```
